[DOCS] Amends the footnotes in the ML book (#1028)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/ml-lang-ident.asciidoc

----------------------------------
//NOTCONSOLE

> <1> ID of the {lang-ident-cap} trained model.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> ID of the {lang-ident} trained model.
```

<2> Specifies the number of languages to report by descending order of 
probability.

> <3> Source object containing the text to identify.

Reviewer: > Source object containing...

Likewise, I'm not sure this is a clearer wording.

Author: As above.

> <3> Source object containing the text to identify.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> The source object that contains the text to identify.
```
